---
source: "https://unity.com/blog/playrix-township-roas-optimization-vector"
title: "How Playrix is growing Township with Unity Ads’ D28 IAP ROAS optimizer"
author: "Unity Blog"
date_published: "Mon, 15 Jun 2026 00:00:00 GMT"
date_clipped: "2026-06-23"
category: "Game Development / Unity"
source_type: "rss"
---

# How Playrix is growing Township with Unity Ads’ D28 IAP ROAS optimizer

Source: https://unity.com/blog/playrix-township-roas-optimization-vector

Aleksandr Bajev, Marketing Producer at Playrix, recently sat down with the Unity team to discuss how one of the world’s leading mobile gaming companies is leveraging Unity Ads to grow their titles. Watch the video or keep reading to learn how Playrix is utilizing Unity’s suite of growth services to scale Township and drive greater revenue, including with Unity Ads’ D28 IAP ROAS optimizer powered by Unity Vector.Can you please introduce yourself, share a bit about Playrix, and what your role is on the team?Aleksandr Bajev: “My name is Aleksandr Bajev and I'm a Marketing Producer at Playrix. I'm responsible for working with networks like Unity. I work with retargeting and I’m in charge of benchmarks and marketing intelligence.Playrix is a mobile gaming company. We're usually known for our casual titles, such as Fishdom, Gardenscapes, Homescapes, and Township.”How long has Playrix been working with Unity Ads?AB: “Unity and Playrix - we're working together for quite some time. As of today, we're working with the whole suite of Unity marketing offerings.”How has Unity Vector impacted your campaigns, both existing and new?AB: “After the Vector release, we started to see a granular improvement that definitely affected how much we were able to scale with that channel.Maybe the biggest point that was impactful for us was Vector improvement on Google Play. Historically, we're not spending on Android, but starting in the second half of the year, the improvement was so obvious.We scaled very significantly, from basically having very, very limited scale, to now Unity on Google Play is really one of the top channels for us.”What prompted Playrix to test and scale Township with Unity Ads’ D28 IAP ROAS optimizer?AB: “When we had a chance to participate in testing that product together with Unity, we were super excited to do so. And just as advertised, it did work well for us. We saw that type of campaign scaling over time, and we're super happy with the outcomes.”What metrics or feedback did you monitor to ensure your campaigns were performing?AB: “With D28 specifically, we scaled gradually because we understood that the long-term curve would be different. Because retention comes first, we understand that the retention of those users is significantly better, so we'd expect that long-term value would be better. And in the end, we did see that higher CPIs were outshined by better revenue per install over time.Then we just ensured that the curve is stable long-term and started to scale it. And with scaling D28, we monitored and compared it also toward D7.”What results did you see post D28 IAP ROAS optimizer launch?AB: “We saw as we increased the spend on D28 that the performance was significantly better there, our overall spend did increase and we were able to scale D7 plus D28 significantly higher than it was before. So we are happy with the results.We definitely plan to keep both types of campaigns, both types of optimizations. Again, the main result, our scale within our expected performance increased by using D28.Vector is moving towards being a solution, and Unity as a channel being a solution, that is stable and significant in our overall marketing mix.”What aspects of working with Unity’s team did you find most valuable?AB: “Especially when we were testing a new optimization type, the support from the Unity team was super important for us. They initially suggested what kind of geos and titles we could explore first, and that's how I started with Township specifically.It's a very strong team on the partner's side. By trusting them, we really gained the results that we want.”
