---
source: "https://www.gamedeveloper.com/business/take-two-expects-to-earn-8b-in-fy27-thanks-to-grand-theft-auto-vi"
title: "Take-Two expects to earn $8B in FY27 thanks to Grand Theft Auto VI"
author: "Game Developer"
date_published: "Fri, 22 May 2026 14:01:55 GMT"
date_clipped: "2026-05-23"
category: "Game Development / Unity"
source_type: "rss"
---

# Take-Two expects to earn $8B in FY27 thanks to Grand Theft Auto VI

Source: https://www.gamedeveloper.com/business/take-two-expects-to-earn-8b-in-fy27-thanks-to-grand-theft-auto-vi

Together, we power an unparalleled network of 220+ online properties covering 10,000+ granular topics, serving an audience of 50+ million professionals with original, objective content from trusted sources. We help you gain critical insights and make more informed decisions across your business priorities. Informa PLC | ABOUT US | INVESTOR RELATIONS | TALENT This site is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 8860726. Game Market Research Watch GDC Talks on GDC Vault Attend or Exhibit at GDC Advertise With Game Developer Newsletter Sign-Up Newsletter Sign-Up Trending Related Topics ▫️ Layoffs & Studio Closures ▫️ GDC 2026 ▫️ Generative AI & ML ▫️ Industry Lawsuits ▫️ Development Tools ▫️ Culture & Dev Communities Recent in  Trending Top Stories Art LATAM indie devs lay out how to improve your text animation LATAM indie devs lay out how to improve your text animation by Bryant Francis May 21, 2026 8 Min Read Business 'Our ambitions are as big as the Wii:' How the Nex Playground is targeting the global market 'Our ambitions are as big as the Wii:' How the Nex Playground is targeting the global market by Chris Kerr May 20, 2026 6 Min Read Latest News Related Topics ▫️ Weekly News Highlights ▫️ News Deep Dives ▫️ GD Collective Research Recent in  Latest News Business Take-Two expects to earn $8B in FY27 thanks to Grand Theft Auto VI Take-Two expects to earn $8B in FY27 thanks to Grand Theft Auto VI by Chris Kerr May 22, 2026 2 Min Read Business Layoffs imminent at Bungie, former BioWare devs launch new studio, and GTA VI still on for November - Patch Notes #53 Layoffs imminent at Bungie, former BioWare devs launch new studio, and GTA VI still on for November - Patch Notes #53 by Chris Kerr May 22, 2026 4 Min Read [GDC] Related Topics ▫️ Talks & Interviews ▫️ GDC News ▫️ GDC Vault: Editor Picks ▫️ Register for GDC ▫️ GDC Vault: Full Library ▫️ Dev Surveys, Data, & Insights Recent in  [GDC] Learn More Production The secret to Overwatch's revitalization? Over-communicating. The secret to Overwatch's revitalization? Over-communicating. by Carli Velocci Apr 29, 2026 6 Min Read Sponsored Content Player Obsessed: Inside Helpshift’s New Approach to Support, Engagement, Community, and Trust & Safety Player Obsessed: Inside Helpshift’s New Approach to Support, Engagement, Community, and Trust & Safety Apr 20, 2026 Game Developer Podcast Game Design Programming More Related Topics ▫️ Developer Interviews ▫️ Game Dev Deep Dives ▫️ Video Game Postmortems ▫️ Partner Perspectives Recent in  More Read More Art LATAM indie devs lay out how to improve your text animation LATAM indie devs lay out how to improve your text animation by Bryant Francis May 21, 2026 8 Min Read Business 'Our ambitions are as big as the Wii:' How the Nex Playground is targeting the global market 'Our ambitions are as big as the Wii:' How the Nex Playground is targeting the global market by Chris Kerr May 20, 2026 6 Min Read Business News Take-Two expects to earn $8B in FY27 thanks to Grand Theft Auto VI Grand Theft Auto V is nearing 230 million lifetime sales ahead of the launch of its long-awaited sequel.
Chris Kerr , Senior Editor, News , GameDeveloper.com May 22, 2026
2 Min Read Image via Rockstar Games Unbelievably, Take-Two Interactive expects Grand Theft Auto VI to make money hand over fist. That's the admittedly rather predictable takeaway from the company's fiscal report for the year ended March 31, 2026 (FY26). 
Take-Two delivered record annual net bookings of $6.72 billion across the fiscal year, which CEO Strauss Zelnick noted was around $750 million above the initial guidance provided in May 2025. Looking ahead to the next fiscal year ending March 31, 2027, Zelnick said Take-Two is expected to swiftly break that record by delivering net bookings of between $8 billion and $8.2 billion. 
That surge is expected to be driven by the launch of Grand Theft Auto VI , which remains on course to hit shelves on November 19, 2026, after multiple delays. During an earnings call , Zelnick described the open-world title as "arguably the most anticipated entertainment property of all time." 
The long-serving exec added that Take-Two will be capable of sustaining that higher level of scale off the back of a "robust, long-term development pipeline."  
Related: Layoffs imminent at Bungie, former BioWare devs launch new studio, and GTA VI still on for November - Patch Notes #53 
Back to the here and now, Take-Two's fiscal results across FY26 were driven by the better-than-expected performances of Grand Theft Auto, Red Dead Redemption, and several mobile titles such as Toon Blast , Match Factory! , and Empires & Puzzles . Notably, Zynga achieved its highest level of Net Bookings since Take-Two acquired the mobile business in 2022.  
"Recurrent consumer spending grew 17 percent and accounted for 78 percent of net bookings." explained Take-Two CFO Lainie Goldstein. "NBA 2K grew over 30 percent; mobile increased 13 percent; and Grand Theft Auto Online increased 6 percent, all sharply exceeding our initial May guidance." 
As noted in an investor presentation , Grand Theft Auto V has now sold almost 230 million units to-date, while the franchise has collectively sold over 470 million copies worldwide. 
Red Dead Redemption 2 has sold-in over 85 million units, representing the vast majority of the franchise's 115 million cumulative sales.  
If Grand Theft Auto VI can stick the landing when it eventually touches down, Zelnick believes the next 12 months will represent a major "inflection point" for the company.  
"We believe that we are extraordinarily well-positioned to take measured creative risks; to pursue accretive M&A; and to invest in technology that will unlock greater creative capabilities and operational efficiencies across our organization. I am immensely proud of our teams and exceedingly optimistic that we will continue to drive greater success," he added.  
Related: Destiny 2's active development will end in June 
Read more about:
Take-Two Top Stories Financial Reporting About the Author Chris Kerr
Senior Editor, News, GameDeveloper.com
Game Developer news editor Chris Kerr is an award-winning reporter with over a decade of experience in the game industry. His byline has appeared in notable print and digital publications including Edge, Stuff, Wireframe, International Business Times, and PocketGamer.biz. Throughout his career, Chris has covered major industry events including GDC, PAX Australia, Gamescom, Paris Games Week, and Develop Brighton.  
See more from Chris Kerr Daily news, dev blogs, and stories from Game Developer straight to your inbox Stay Updated Latest News More News Business Layoffs imminent at Bungie, former BioWare devs launch new studio, and GTA VI still on for November - Patch Notes #53 Layoffs imminent at Bungie, former BioWare devs launch new studio, and GTA VI still on for November - Patch Notes #53 by Chris Kerr May 22, 2026 4 Min Read Keep up with the latest News, Interviews, and Talk Coverage from GDC Festival of Gaming right here on Game Developer READ ON Latest Podcasts Production Stories from making Marvel Rivals
May 15, 2026 PC We tested the Steam Controller
May 1, 2026 Design Supporting juniors and sharpening your creativity
Apr 17, 2026 Design Laptop mishaps and a GDC chat with Owlchemy Labs CEO Andrew Eiche
Apr 3, 2026 See all Game Developer Collective More Business Games that sell DLC and in-app purchases appear to benefit most from subscription services Games that sell DLC and in-app purchases appear to benefit most from subscription services by Bryant Francis Jan 27, 2026 3 Min Read Business Devs are more worried than ever that generative AI will lower the quality of games Devs are more worried than ever that generative AI will lower the quality of games by Bryant Francis Sep 16, 2025 4 Min Read Game Design & Marketing Highlights See More Design Splinter Cell designer says modern lighting has made stealth games harder to read Splinter Cell designer says modern lighting has made stealth games harder to read Art LATAM indie devs lay out how to improve your text animation LATAM indie devs lay out how to improve your text animation More from GD Blog with Game Developer Blogging Guidelines Game Developer Podcast Submit a Tip Connect About Us Advertise With Game Developer Contact Us Join Us Newsletter Sign-Up Follow Us Copyright © 2026 Informa. This website is owned and operated by Informa. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG.
Home | Cookie Policy | Privacy | Terms of Use Your Privacy Choices
