---
source: "https://www.gamedeveloper.com/business/layoffs-imminent-at-bungie-former-bioware-devs-launch-new-studio-and-gta-vi-still-on-for-november-patch-notes-53"
title: "Layoffs imminent at Bungie, former BioWare devs launch new studio, and GTA VI still on for November - Patch Notes #53"
author: "Game Developer"
date_published: "Fri, 22 May 2026 11:35:44 GMT"
date_clipped: "2026-05-23"
category: "Game Development / Unity"
source_type: "rss"
---

# Layoffs imminent at Bungie, former BioWare devs launch new studio, and GTA VI still on for November - Patch Notes #53

Source: https://www.gamedeveloper.com/business/layoffs-imminent-at-bungie-former-bioware-devs-launch-new-studio-and-gta-vi-still-on-for-november-patch-notes-53

Together, we power an unparalleled network of 220+ online properties covering 10,000+ granular topics, serving an audience of 50+ million professionals with original, objective content from trusted sources. We help you gain critical insights and make more informed decisions across your business priorities. Informa PLC | ABOUT US | INVESTOR RELATIONS | TALENT This site is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 8860726. Game Market Research Watch GDC Talks on GDC Vault Attend or Exhibit at GDC Advertise With Game Developer Newsletter Sign-Up Newsletter Sign-Up Trending Related Topics ▫️ Layoffs & Studio Closures ▫️ GDC 2026 ▫️ Generative AI & ML ▫️ Industry Lawsuits ▫️ Development Tools ▫️ Culture & Dev Communities Recent in  Trending Top Stories Art LATAM indie devs lay out how to improve your text animation LATAM indie devs lay out how to improve your text animation by Bryant Francis May 21, 2026 8 Min Read Business 'Our ambitions are as big as the Wii:' How the Nex Playground is targeting the global market 'Our ambitions are as big as the Wii:' How the Nex Playground is targeting the global market by Chris Kerr May 20, 2026 6 Min Read Latest News Related Topics ▫️ Weekly News Highlights ▫️ News Deep Dives ▫️ GD Collective Research Recent in  Latest News Business Subnautica 2 hits four million sales Subnautica 2 hits four million sales by Danielle Riendeau May 22, 2026 1 Min Read Business Take-Two expects to earn $8B in FY27 thanks to Grand Theft Auto VI Take-Two expects to earn $8B in FY27 thanks to Grand Theft Auto VI by Chris Kerr May 22, 2026 2 Min Read [GDC] Related Topics ▫️ Talks & Interviews ▫️ GDC News ▫️ GDC Vault: Editor Picks ▫️ Register for GDC ▫️ GDC Vault: Full Library ▫️ Dev Surveys, Data, & Insights Recent in  [GDC] Learn More Production The secret to Overwatch's revitalization? Over-communicating. The secret to Overwatch's revitalization? Over-communicating. by Carli Velocci Apr 29, 2026 6 Min Read Sponsored Content Player Obsessed: Inside Helpshift’s New Approach to Support, Engagement, Community, and Trust & Safety Player Obsessed: Inside Helpshift’s New Approach to Support, Engagement, Community, and Trust & Safety Apr 20, 2026 Game Developer Podcast Game Design Programming More Related Topics ▫️ Developer Interviews ▫️ Game Dev Deep Dives ▫️ Video Game Postmortems ▫️ Partner Perspectives Recent in  More Read More Art LATAM indie devs lay out how to improve your text animation LATAM indie devs lay out how to improve your text animation by Bryant Francis May 21, 2026 8 Min Read Business 'Our ambitions are as big as the Wii:' How the Nex Playground is targeting the global market 'Our ambitions are as big as the Wii:' How the Nex Playground is targeting the global market by Chris Kerr May 20, 2026 6 Min Read Business Mobile PC Console News Layoffs imminent at Bungie, former BioWare devs launch new studio, and GTA VI still on for November - Patch Notes #53 Plus: Xbox expands leadership team (again) and the Nex Playground is heading to the UK and Ireland.
Chris Kerr , Senior Editor, News , GameDeveloper.com May 22, 2026
4 Min Read Logo via Game Developer / Artwork via Bungie Lots of video game news this week, but the BREAKING story this morning is that Thomas Tuchel has just revealed his final England squad for the 2026 World Cup. If you'll indulge me, I have a few musings on some rather choice decisions made by the Three Lions coach. I do, of course, understand if you have absolutely zero interest in all things football (soccer). If that's the case, feel free to skip this week's intro and head straight for the headlines. No offense taken.  
Still here? You beauty. 
So, contrary to the opinion of most England fans I actually don't hate Tuchel's picks here. Yes, the likes of Morgan Gibbs-White, who has been absolutely stellar for Nottingham Forest this season, will be rightfully gutted to not make the cut. But, would he really be starting over Bellingham (a proper talisman on his day) or Rogers? Probably not. 
England legend and meme generator Harry Maguire (our beloved 'slabhead') will no doubt feel somewhat aggrieved given his resurgence for Manchester United, but Tuchel is evidently more trusting of the players who ensured England qualified unbeaten for the tournament. John Stones is the rogue choice in defense given his recent injury record, although you cannot question his pedigree.  
Related: Subnautica 2 hits four million sales 
I've clocked a few people quibbling about the inclusion of Ivan Toney as what looks to be England's third-choice striker, but again, we're really splitting hairs here. I'd have been happy with Dominic Calvert-Lewin or even Danny Welbeck in that role, but we all know Harry Kane and then Ollie Watkins are top of the pecking order when it comes to England's striking options.  
Other notable attacking omissions include Phil Foden and Cole Palmer, who have been underwhelming to say the least for their respective clubs sides this season. Class is permanent, but it doesn't mean you should be picked for a World Cup squad over Premier League and European Cup winners.  
I suspect those England fans currently sharpening their knives are forgetting that the best players do not necessarily make the best team. That might sound counterintuitive, but you need balance and experience to win major tournaments. England have already tried and failed to end the years of hurt by simply throwing a gaggle of star names on a plane—remember the ill-fated 'Golden Generation'—and hoping they'd mesh come matchday.  
Tuchel evidently has a vision and the trophy-winning chops to inspire at least some belief. Let's not despair until the wheels have actually come off, eh?  
Alright, now back to the VIDEO GAMES. 
Related: Take-Two expects to earn $8B in FY27 thanks to Grand Theft Auto VI 
Bungie Plans Layoffs After Ending ‘Destiny 2’ Development Bloomberg // Sony is reportedly preparing to jettison a "significant" number of Bungie workers after ending development on Destiny 2 . Sources told Bloomberg the studio intends to focus on Marathon as opposed to commencing production on Destiny 3 , meaning layoffs are imminent. 
Xbox launches improved Adaptive Thumbstick Toppers via Xbox Wire // Microsoft has tweaked the design of its adaptive thumbstick toppers after soliciting feedback from users. The company explained its new designs—which include a highly requested 'Goal Post' option—are more capable of enduring high force use. 
The Nex Playground is launching in the UK and Ireland via Game Developer // The Nex Playground is a controller-free, motion-tracking video game console that outsold Xbox in the United States for a brief period last year. The little console that could is now heading to the UK as part of a slow-and-steady global rollout, and it's safe to say the leadership team overseeing the device have pretty lofty ambitions . 
Xbox expands leadership team with major hires via The Game Business // New Xbox CEO Asha Sharma continues to put her stamp on Microsoft's video game division. This week, she named industry analyst Matthew Ball as chief strategy officer and former CVP of Azure OpenAI and AI infrastructure Scott Van Vliet as chief technology officer. 
Related: Destiny 2's active development will end in June 
Former BioWare, Inflexion Games, and Timbre Games developers launch Studio Reset via Game Developer // Do you want to play some video games from the folks who helped make Mass Effect, Dragon Age, and Anthem? Well, you're in luck, because a cohort of veteran devs who helped wrangle those franchises into being have formed a new studio to craft "smaller, more intentional" experiences that are, above all else, story-rich. I am seated.  
‘GTA 6’ Price Still Not Revealed, but Take-Two Chief Says Rockstar on Track to Begin Marketing This Summer via Variety // I'll dig into Take-Two's financials later today, but we already have an answer to what I imagine is the real question on everybody's lips: Will GTA VI still launch this year? Right now, Take-Two boss Strauss Zelnick is confident the long-gestating sequel will debut in November 2026 (after multiple delays). The company still hasn't confirmed how much it'll cost, mind. Are we looking at the first $100 video game? Probably not, in this writer's opinion. 
Embracer to spin off major video game franchises and studios via Game Developer // After cementing its position as the industry's leading expert on layoffs, Swedish conglomerate Embracer Group has announced plans to spin off yet another publicly-traded company. The move will see major franchises like Tomb Raider and Metro alongside studios such as Crystal Dynamics and Eidos-Montréal be housed within a new standalone segment called Fellowship Entertainment.  
Read more about:
Top Stories Newsletter Spotlight - Patch Notes Features About the Author Chris Kerr
Senior Editor, News, GameDeveloper.com
Game Developer news editor Chris Kerr is an award-winning reporter with over a decade of experience in the game industry. His byline has appeared in notable print and digital publications including Edge, Stuff, Wireframe, International Business Times, and PocketGamer.biz. Throughout his career, Chris has covered major industry events including GDC, PAX Australia, Gamescom, Paris Games Week, and Develop Brighton.  
See more from Chris Kerr Daily news, dev blogs, and stories from Game Developer straight to your inbox Stay Updated Latest News More News Business Subnautica 2 hits four million sales Subnautica 2 hits four million sales by Danielle Riendeau May 22, 2026 1 Min Read Keep up with the latest News, Interviews, and Talk Coverage from GDC Festival of Gaming right here on Game Developer READ ON Latest Podcasts Production Stories from making Marvel Rivals
May 15, 2026 PC We tested the Steam Controller
May 1, 2026 Design Supporting juniors and sharpening your creativity
Apr 17, 2026 Design Laptop mishaps and a GDC chat with Owlchemy Labs CEO Andrew Eiche
Apr 3, 2026 See all Game Developer Collective More Business Games that sell DLC and in-app purchases appear to benefit most from subscription services Games that sell DLC and in-app purchases appear to benefit most from subscription services by Bryant Francis Jan 27, 2026 3 Min Read Business Devs are more worried than ever that generative AI will lower the quality of games Devs are more worried than ever that generative AI will lower the quality of games by Bryant Francis Sep 16, 2025 4 Min Read Game Design & Marketing Highlights See More Design Splinter Cell designer says modern lighting has made stealth games harder to read Splinter Cell designer says modern lighting has made stealth games harder to read Art LATAM indie devs lay out how to improve your text animation LATAM indie devs lay out how to improve your text animation More from GD Blog with Game Developer Blogging Guidelines Game Developer Podcast Submit a Tip Connect About Us Advertise With Game Developer Contact Us Join Us Newsletter Sign-Up Follow Us Copyright © 2026 Informa. This website is owned and operated by Informa. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG.
Home | Cookie Policy | Privacy | Terms of Use Your Privacy Choices
